:sparkles: [EXPERIMENTAL] add broken pdf fixing (#60)
mindee/mindee-api-ruby: docs/getting_started.md

end
```

## 🧪 Experimental Features

### PDF repair

> Some pdf files might appear fine on your computer, but not on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some PDF files might appear fine on your computer, but can be rejected by the server.
```

This _experimental_ feature attempts to fix the file's header information before sending it to the server.

> ⚠️ **Warning**: This feature copies your file and then **alters** it. The original file will be left alone, but the copy might get partially corrupted, and improperly parsed as a result. Use at your own discretion.

To enable it, simply set the `fix_pdf` flag to `true` during source creation:

```rb
input_source = mindee_client.source_from_file(input_file, "name-of-my-file.ext", fix_pdf: true)
```

> Alternatively, you can use it through the CLI by setting the `-F` or `--fix-pdf` flag.

Reviewer: this should be in the CLI section or removed.

> Note: Not applicable for documents sent through url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This only works for local files, files sent by URL will not be processed.
```
